hello it's me again
I'm starting this vlog this week because
Elena's dying we're both dying but it's
okay because you know in death we feel
alive hello everyone its Elena and I'm
back for number Cambridge vlog and this
week is putting it mildly a disaster yes
yeah I mean you can see the mood of the
week
it's Tuesday guys yes used a and um I've
already had two supervision for context
um you have one supervision per paper
every two weeks so you know that's like
one fifth of like a big chunk of work
per supervision and guess how many
supervisions I have this week four which
means four fifths of a massive chunk of
work that's supposed to be distributed
over two weeks I have to do it in one
week they ask you how you already say
that you're fine when you're not really
finding length is good it's not um so
here's the thing um could I have avoided
being in this situation where I have a
massive chunk of work by working ahead
no because I did work ahead and I'm
still in this situation okay so it's not
even like that I can blame my laziness
which at this point would honestly be
helpful to me because then at least I'd
have something to blame but I don't
because I actually did the work but
there's only so much you can work ahead
so now I've had two super visions which
means for the average who's super
visions which are coming up this week I
have done zero work have you prepared
for word I do I look like for pepper
contract helps me so much can't finish
internationals I'm gonna finish
later on yeah so here's the thing I have
two super regions left this week and I
have written work for supervision next
week which I need to prepare this week
so technically I still have work for
free supervisions great so here is the
plan
it is now Tuesday afternoon I've just
finished my second supervision of the
week I have had I don't know how many 20
pieces Chicken McNugget boxes this week
I did not count because at this point
we're not doing well and it's Tuesday so
you're just gonna happen I'm gonna look
into how much work I have to do for
contract contract is a core subject so
it takes more work than the other
supervision at least one of us is having
fun not me oh hi I'm off my bed there's
like five yes so let me continue
spiraling um so I will look into how
much work I have to do for contract and
then I will look into how much work I've
stood for jurisprudence which luckily
did supervisions on Sunday I never
thought I would say luckily super
missions on Sunday but now I love that
so um yeah we're gonna look into that
and then I'm gonna see how much we're
gonna sue for family law because I need
to write an essay that can you tell that
I'm spiraling probably if this vlog
probably just gonna be me stressing yeah
so get your McDonald's opened a paper
bag and start eating let's do this okay
so here's step one of getting my life
together and hopefully getting on top of
my work cleaning up my room because
right now this is what my room looks
like which is just you know putting it
mildly
not grade there it's just a mess like
there's so much stuff here and which is
supposed to be here yeah especially my
desk like this is a disaster I don't
even know how to came about but over the
past two days like I've just been doing
stuff so like you can see like random
text books like notes that I printed and
then never filed great good job Elena so
we're fixing this and then hopefully
we're gonna fix my life
[Music]
time for step two of getting my life
back together which is working super
visionaries which I have memorized
because I'm not allowed to type in my
supervision while putting them into a
document which is typed because my
handwriting when it has to be quick it's
just disgusting so we're not gonna do
that
so yeah let's put all this in a recent
document okay step free off getting my
life together is stress-eating because
that's what I do best so um let me get
something unhealthy that is not good for
my skin um but that calms my nerves
well hello by the way guys you're so
good to stress feed on of potato drills
by Sainsbury's I just discovered in the
papers so here's what's gonna happen
I am gonna watch your TV show which is
inspected and it makes me tired usually
that's why I prefer to read but here's
the thing my brain is more fried than
the chicken McNuggets so I and she
cannot do anything else
um I try just to no replying to some
really basic email that I was almost
falling asleep in front of my screen
because for the past two days I've just
been constantly stressed because of
these super missions and yeah
so now
that I have until Friday to my next
supervision I can afford one episode of
The Black List which is probably already
seen 300 times and some stress-eating
and after that I'm gonna go through some
emails so just you know some like admin
stuff and I'm gonna sort out how much
work I have to do for contract so that I
can assess you know what I need to do to
be prepared and that supervision
so yeah it's break time where are you CJ
yeah guys I'm just gonna like put the
photo here like I'm gonna exert it I
mean it's good ya know it is are there
you go so that is the mood of today and
it was higher week um yeah guys we're
really peaking in uni also I'm on my
couch doing absolutely nothing
productive
I've eaten almost they're so good they
are but did I have dinner
no I didn't am I going to probably
invite him fall asleep on this couch
first also I'm still watching the
blacklist it actually hasn't been that
long since I last spoke to you guys so
it's not like I've been here for three
hours don't worry um but yeah are we
doing well no we're not doing well um so
here's the thing I have been going to
sleep and like ate and like yeah it was
a great usually yeah no it's been really
early louder and I'm expecting the room
to be bright and yikes to a week and
then I come in at night I'm like ooh as
asleep yeah cuz you have to go from my
regions that gets you and so here's the
thing I started doing this because I'm
so tired in the evenings and I'm just
not productive at all so I was like you
know I'll go to about earlier and then I
wake up at four and I like do my work
and the sad thing is it's been working
so I've been doing it more often because
I mean it works you know I mean I I'm so
productive at 4:00 a.m. in the morning
like you cannot imagine I'm for real
like at 4:00 in the morning like I'm
peaking um yeah and I'm sure that's a
good thing is Richard that's helped me
to get up that early like I always look
at these youtuber guru videos like oh
I'm working it before yeah I was like
now now I'm being one of these people oh
yeah not sure if that's gonna be a
long-term thing try go for dinner that
guy's gonna not meet you
great a friend just is just for dinner
and now I have like zero motivation to
leave this couch couch so I went and had
dinner and honestly I'm super tired I
write down any admin work have I you
know checked how much work I have to do
for contract no because I'm not ready
for that trauma absolutely not ready so
here's the thing I have the contract
supervision on Friday I have two days to
knock out all the readings for it um is
that enough yeah probably is it enough
to you know really indefinitely engaged
with the material as you're supposed to
no it's not um but however you know the
reading list looks I think we can do it
so here's what we're gonna do I'm gonna
go to sleep now
it is about almost 8:00 and I'm gonna
wake up at 4:00 again because I quite
like it and honestly I do um and then
I'm gonna do all of my admin stuff
tomorrow morning at 4 o'clock because
I'm tired and I think I deserved to take
this evening off because the past two
days have been so stressful because of
these two super visions and I had your
hand in written work for one of them so
I feel like it's fine if I take this
evening off maybe I will really regret
this once I see the reading list for
contract but right now we're living in
blissful ignorance so we're gonna
the next day rise and shine
we look so much happier know me up she
are so here's the deal
I slept in could I afford to sleep in no
did I do it anyway yes yeah by the way
when I slept in I mean 5:30 in the
morning uni life is good
so um here's what's gonna happen today I
[Music]
looked at my contract reading list yeah
it's not great also I'm currently making
pasta which basically means Yujin is
supervising so that I don't break down
I'm leaving so yeah until it's been
boiled
appraisal okay
so here's something anything salads so
that I have something today say I don't
starve because I've six hours of
lectures and in between we're gonna try
to get something done because the
contract reading list its massive okay
so I finished making my salad um so I
feel like someone whose meal prepping
now so this one looks like I just made
the key putting some cheese um pasta and
some tomato and I take the sauce with me
separately I also have snacks which I
love I would really recommend these if
you're a university student um yeah
expensive but they are so good and they
get me through today's so I'm gonna take
two of these because I have a six hour
day um a six hour day I mean actually an
eight hour day because I have two hours
of breaks in between the breaks are just
for doing ever work and then I have six
hours of lectures so it's a long day so
here's the plan I'm gonna take office
from you to the faculty hopefully you
get some stuff or contract done and if
I'm still capable of doing some work
tonight we are hopefully gonna do more
for contract and hopefully finish all
the readings for the super is done
before the supervision happens on Friday
yeah let's do it
[Music]
hi I'm Neil threatening which means
officially become an adult and I'm kind
of proud and Cara's already working I'm
trying but mostly just panicking that's
the mood of the week yeah what are these
candy said you're writing the
non-compulsory snap likes chance in hell
[Music]
we made it guys i just got back it's
after 5:00 and I'm just working my
blanket basically because it is super
cold and unfortunately the law faculty
hasn't realized that it's gotten
significantly colder because we had zero
heating today so it was incredibly cold
in there I think there were a lot of
people wearing winter jackets in the
faculty because it was so cold um so
yeah that was that great times did I do
any work for contract no no I didn't I
did download like my readings and stuff
that was the most productive thing I did
for contract and I I think that it was
also a little bit connected to the
heating because um you know when your
hands are really cold you type
ridiculously slow and so um yeah my
speed was significantly reduced but also
you know when you're looking ahead at
six hours of lectures you know that
motivated to do a lot it just not a good
excuse I know um but here it is so
here's what's gonna happen
I'm gonna recover a little bit because
six hours of lectures is intense and I'm
gonna try to start my book I'm gonna see
you know I'm gonna make myself some tea
because I really need to warm up because
I'm so cold and yeah then I'm gonna try
to start this book but I might end up
watching a TV show I honestly don't know
because I'm very tired I need to see how
readable this is to determine whether I
can start this but yeah how democracies
die watch history real it's about a
future I've had this for a while
uh-huh but I haven't you know started
then but yeah it sounds very interesting
um because like we usually think of
democracies or something you know that's
good that will last
um clearly offers don't necessarily
think so at least the second part so um
yeah I think it would be an interesting
read but this week is very intense so I
don't know if I'm gonna finish this book
in one week or not um but yeah that is
not the main concern of this week the
main concern of this week are these two
post-its in case you didn't see my last
vlog these posters they're basically the
work that I have to do this week now I
already finished these two post-its over
here because they were land law and
international law and I already had
these super visions and actually I
should do what I wanted to do which is
because basically the idea was I
visualize my success you know and
getting and on with my work what I've
actually visualized is how far behind I
am but yeah
the good news is everybody is behind
because everybody has full supervision
to this week so I'm actually ahead
because many of them had their
international supervision only today so
I'm kind of add I think I don't know but
it doesn't help you know if others are
behind too because at the end you're
examined individually it doesn't matter
if everybody's not doing well that
doesn't change your grade so we're gonna
work hard and we somehow gonna manage to
get all these contract readings done and
I know that most of them I will have to
do tomorrow so I will have to knock out
and hi
supervisions worth reading in one day
it's kind of impossible but we're going
to make it happen
[Music]
[Applause]
so guys I've gotten dinner and I just
quickly went to the battery I didn't
even have the energy to go to McDonald's
anymore McDonald's is like a free minute
walk from here so yeah I did she have
surrender Geum Susan is currently
getting ready for a formal so formal I
like where we go to a hole and we all
look a little bit like we're in Harry
Potter because we wear a gowns and you
have to dress formally do we like this
so she's debating about the heels guys
yeah so hi can you model for us please
but this is the trick wear a sweater and
haul because you're wearing a gown
anyway yeah nobody will see this and it
gets cold in there so whole strategy is
eccentric how do I like the heels they
look amazing so yeah I'm gonna eat that
and then I'm probably gonna go to sleep
good morning guys I don't know why
seated in a stirring his face and hi
same and woke up at 1:00 this morning
because then people were screaming and
banging out the head retort I was like
yeah I think they were drunk so yeah oh
yeah it was Cindy's yesterday so great
that makes you really appreciate living
in student accommodation um so yeah I
had a great night crash like I just
crushed as I went I started like 12
yeah with Laura sleep by then yeah was
not fun I'm tired I might go for coffee
later I just stopped by a coffee please
we could just go to McDonald's you get
coffee and a bowl didn't go too bold I
don't know what that is but maybe if
there's food there's like apparently
reading good but I've read it
oh hi you go if you want yeah I have to
see how far I get so here's the plan for
today because I didn't do much reading
yesterday I'm gonna go to the library
after my two lectures and I'm just gonna
work and I'm not gonna leave until I'm
done that's a bold statement I'm not
gonna see you at home at night so I need
to be done by 9:00 but the thing is I
only have two lectures today so I can
work lots of hours in between and after
that so I think I can actually finish
this by like 6:00 p.m. I'm being very
optimistic by so that I can finish it so
camera a yes II yeah I mean I don't
think I'm gonna write the optional essay
I mean if I can finish it today and I
can finished other questions today I
might write the essay tomorrow morning
but I might not um honestly I don't know
I might just you know sleep in because I
think at this point I really need it
that's why I started half an hour more
this morning I was like yeah I'm like
the Cambridge version I'm like sleeping
in me yesterday 5:30 hurt seven yeah
it's fun but it's great so yeah that's
the plan we're gonna finish our contract
readings and it seems a bit impossible
what we're gonna do it three hours later
it's a few hours later and am I in the
library no of course not um because I'm
so tired and my last lecture I thought
you almost falling asleep and I think
the lecture it's just not what I think
you should do it yeah like if you're
tired you want to sleep like don't do it
in my lecture um but yeah thank you to
the people woke me everyone I am it's
really great
um so I gotta take a nap now because
like I could literally like not focus
like on anything so I'm also gonna have
to look at this lecture hand out again
tonight because I didn't take anything
away from that and that was entirely my
fault because I was super tired which
then again wasn't really my fault
because um I went to bed on time you
know just putting it out there so I'm
gonna take a nap now and then I'm gonna
done on my desk and work and that is the
plan for today so it's a few hours later
and um I've just rewarded myself with
McDonald's yeah so how is my work going
it's going places I I will definitely be
able to finish before her supervision
will I be able to write this optional
essay absolutely not like no there is no
way in hell so um I have abandoned that
you know and we're just aiming to finish
the work and that's that the good news
is I'm actually in a really good mood
because I went and you know got
McDonald's and then I was talking to one
of the porters and he's married to one
of my supervisors and he told me that
like I supervisors were really really
impressed by me in the last supervision
and like I normally do not excel in her
subjects um
I should say that like I try my hardest
but I normally do not excel and I
especially did not expect to do well in
that long because land is like pretty
hard
um so I am so so happy about this uh-huh
so yeah this literally made my day
also I did take a nap before I worked
and that nap was two hours long that was
a very long nap but it was the best nap
of my life and I have zero regrets about
it because I woke up and I was like you
know like a new me like I was oh
re-energized so yeah in conclusion long
naps where you actually you know really
sleep aren't that bad so here's the plan
for the rest of the day I'm gonna eat my
McDonald's
I mean I'm gonna read a little bit more
of my book I've read a little bit 7 I
really really like it um it is really
interesting I just say though I think
it's like a book that is a relatively
quick read if you're reading unique as
you used to academic reading so yeah but
I think it's quite interesting if you
guys are interested in how democracies
die I will link it in the info box below
but yeah for now I'm just gonna eat and
then work a little bit more than I'm
gonna sleep and so I'll see you guys
tomorrow morning good morning guys um we
have one lecture today I have long
antenna free yeah to be honest um like
it's a lot of reading and we have a lot
of supervisions this week so I think is
reasonable that we focus on cases
I haven't finished all the cases head so
that's what I'm gonna do after it's
lecture
fun so yeah that's the plan for today
one lecture
lots of work board supervision goes to
the supervision and then regain my
energy
[Music]
Wow I look rough in this lighting well
we're gonna deal with that so here's the
fame I finished like only essential
reading so the biggest and second unit
Norman is tell you what is essential and
what isn't so you kind of have to figure
that one out but basically I did miss
the cases the only two which I haven't
done yet um and they're not really
essentially like I had a look-alike the
headnote knows like okay you're just
confirming what I already went in
another case still we good to go without
you
and now I have about 20 minutes I'm
trying to get going and I'm gonna read
over my notes now first because you
can't just walk into a super vision not
having prepared for it and I'm really
lucky because we don't have any reading
questions this time so I only had to do
these notes beautiful now am I happy
with these notes no because there's a
lot of pink in these notes so let me
explain to you guys a little bit of how
I do my notes so this is what it looks
like when I do my notes and basically
any text that is you know just pink text
that is just guidance for my teacher so
that's irrelevant
like irrelevant for you here alone for
me yeah and then he is just you know my
notes and yeah there's lots of notes and
then here you can see the pink and the
pink basically means Elena didn't write
this read it and when something is pink
it means I should have read it and I
also have some blue stuff which is
probably yeah here you can see it so
blue stuff is forever reading so that
means I didn't really need to do it for
this new provision so I'm good to go but
the pink stuff is stuff that you know I
should have read and now for example
here this pink fingy
it's just a textbook I did read it I
just didn't take notes on it because I
don't you ready today I know what isn't
it and I will take notes on it later but
I won't have the time for it now but
yeah that's what it looks like and
there's way too much pink on him yeah
this is not great I would have preferred
to walk into my supervision a lot more
prepared but I have the work of four
supervisions this week actually five
because I need to finish my entire work
for family law by Sunday because I have
to hand in an essay on Sunday so I
basically work on five supervisions in
one
and that's absolutely insane because you
know you are supposed to have five
supervisions distributed across two
weeks so you're supposed to do the work
that I'm doing in one week in two weeks
and that's why this was doomed to be a
disaster I am not happy with this but in
all honesty this is having the best that
I could expect for myself because I'm
not having a good week I'm having a
schedule that I'm not supposed to have
and I should say Cambridge normally
doesn't do something like this to you
this is only because one of my
supervisors doesn't do supervisions on a
regular you know every two week basis
but instead they adjusted it because a
lot of people in my course have a
supervisor who hasn't done you know
these two week basis thingies Ivor um
and so you know what the supervisor
wanted to accommodate all these people
the problem is I am not one of these
people so I'm not benefiting from this
instead I am having the work of five
supervisions in one week which is not
great um so yeah life is not great but
I'm proud that I did all of this I mean
these are freaking pages of notes these
are 6436 words that I produced in less
than 48 hours I'm not mad about it but
I'm not happy yeah that's it so I guess
now I'm gonna go prepare for my soup oh
and hope for the best
two hours later well welcome to
diffusion show um hi it's my thing now
she's gonna do another vlog don't worry
um do you want me to do that a vlog of
course you do right I mean I want you to
do another vlog because I loved her blog
if you haven't watched it yet I'm gonna
get any of the box below and you can
also click on it up here yeah I'm back
from my soup though I cut my first sa
bag it was a prop question
it went well like me uh my cigarette set
well done which is good
we love that laughter but it also was a
bit too long I think
like I couldn't write this much
down but yeah first essay is done and
supervision went better than I thought
because we didn't need any of the
articles that I didn't read
thank the Lord I tried meeting them I
got light into the eight pages and like
I feel so clean that fits
picture-in-picture there you go
I done yeah um this this one I love
better than I expected a lot better than
I deserved
given you know the amount of reading I
hadn't done um yeah it means I would
have to catch up with the reading that I
didn't do
lovely I can't do this this weekend
because this weekend I'm super super
busy but I wasn't have to do at some
point and I know that so yeah don't skip
your readings kids it's not fun um I
mean but you meant that help comes first
yeah you mental health always comes
first but also don't neglect your work
we winner is that you winner do your
best
oh that's the important thing so yeah
here's plan for the rest of the day I'm
gonna take an hour off now because I
think I deserve it because I've just you
know been working working working this
entire week because it's so much so I
think I'm just gonna take a little break
and then I'm gonna work a little bit
more because I still have to
supervillains to prepare for but it
means we made it for free so make sure
to go yeah we're staying positive let's
go for brunch tomorrow
we'll see probably if I can will see it
so um I think I on this blog here
because now I'll just take a break and
next chill um but yeah this was a bit of
a different block because we were both
flip it's dress yes but it's okay it's
okay I think it was part of uni life it
is like ups and downs yeah this was it
down this was kind of a down button
looking up because we're done exactly
like kind of kiss me
we supported each other through it yes
you know we tried to get it and we love
to get at and that's friendship that's
being roommates so yeah that's the
spirit of the vlog I hope you enjoyed us
whining about our work and we will be
more positive next time bye